Sailboat:	What anchors slow the team down, what wind propels it forward?
  Good for the "gather data" and "generate insights" portions of a retrospective.
  Time: 90 - 120 minutes.

Appreciative Retrospective: Uses Appreciative Inquiry to identify what went so well.
  There is no blame or negativity, and builds on the Prime Directive,
  that everyone in the team did the best job they could possibly do.	
  To remind everyone what a good job their doing rather than focusing on negatives every time you run a retrospective.
  Time: 60 minutes.
  
Strengths-Based Retrospective:	A strength-based retrospective consists of two steps: 
    discovering strengths, then defining actions that use them.	
  Come up with actions that result in doing more of the things that you are already doing and which you are good at.
  Time: 45 - 90 minutes.
  
Six thinking hats (mindmap): The team discuss the previous period since the last retrospective whilst collectively 
  wearing one of De Bono’s ”hats” at any time. The hats relate to particular ways of thinking and force the group to
  collectively think and discuus in a particular way. 
  The facilitator documents any output on a whiteboard. The ouput from the last hat (Red) is converted into actions.
  
  Blue hat (big picture) - belongs to the facilitator
  Yellow hat (positive) - what's gone well? What resources do we have?
  Black hat (negative) - what needs improvement? What risks can we see?
  White hat (facts) - what do we know? What do we need to learn?
  Green hat (creative) - what changes do we want to make? What actions to take?
  Red hat (emotion) - how do we feel about that? Is this the best we can do?
  
5 Whys: an iterative interrogative technique used to explore the cause-and-effect relationships underlying a particular problem.
  The primary goal of the technique is to determine the root cause of a defect or problem by repeating the question "Why?"
  Each question forms the basis of the next question. The "5" in the name derives from an empirical observation on the 
  number of iterations typically required to resolve the problem.
